the chorizo ​​that are impregnating all
that mass and apart we add a couple of
more things how this is done starts like this
a beautiful fresh view calabrese designed
please pure pig at least what
that I like but creating
recombined I share fully grace
so that they raise it they use
exactly there
we have the cow that we are going to peel and
we must take out the internal part
directly inside all the meat but
try not to call him a lot for this
it comes as well as it goes out as well as it goes out it goes to
go to the grill and what I do is
crush it a little bit and that is that you
chorizo ​​that you have this disarmament a
little bit nothing happens you put it between your
hands give him a little walk and period
dear and you lend it a little, it's not going
to break
you're not going to shelled, we send the
grill
quiet you have to bank at least
how 8 to 10 seconds by Manito
above the grill ero
two
well this congress the incario there is much
development throughout the grill but the
kitchen
a life
this good let's do many for
example I have to do many pity
if you put them there to cook from both
sides I assure you here comes very
well this for those who like me says
a little more degraded aha comes
barbarian and you give him a few spurts of lemon
above awfully fine crunchy is
the mentalist tells me she did not puncture me
chorizos this health directly all
the pod but now all the meat that
after that he will disgrace
perfectly exactly cove and you
it's amazing to have then that
we will see not long ago and grill
that you go on vacation all day the
age that dale dale
now everything that went
surely if this pancito visited that
country and it's actually pizza dough that
it is also a mass of pompanos appeared
people that yesterday we sent a
tremendous tremendous tremulous tremendous
obviously a bit of dough was left
we keep in the refrigerator
continued giving slowly in the refrigerator
I took it out two hours ago from the refrigerator
because the mass of zero does not need everything
this the black plastic a bit of
chimichurri with the principles of running
and it is well drained and if not it comes
dresses like to prepare directly
then do the rest we are doing
choripán bread or that could not miss
the chimichurri and grab a few
scones that will have approximately 50
60 grams
d
a little bit of flour on top very badly
a little area above or below
I always tell you that people stay
Round up up down
you turn a circle
finite how do you have to throw it in such
so that between the chorizo ​​just
long and win without theoretical already cooked
and already decided director habiten goal
habitual and pegadito to here chiquitito of
my heart crushed a little bit the
I'm sure I'll need to take out a
little outside this and we're going to
put this to give you a little more
adequate
and good that this entity will only stop
lonely you will always have company
emprendimiento that is the one that now comes
that it is necessary to live
and state will come for example is it
I would see what you saw because it's like that
I live out everything as it is live and in
12 direct between 10 minutes of friends in
direct but listen to me one thing apart
of the topic but they remembered to see
all the indications of Juan and everything
the world
www.covidien.com just juan we
I was commenting about that pizza dough
for millions of recipes in our
gastronomic diary and aside apart to
Mars the owner of recipes up to four
ingredients that I have
is a search engine in a recipe setter
the ingredients that you have and the
machine with his huge brain giving
will steal that here you will have a
recipe that you can do with these four
insurance ingredients is not
traditional
It's fine and we had arrived before
but we are in four and when it is 5
chávez that is good talking about four
ingredients of this recipe has as
ingredients and they are usually hands
only me
serving the said the fox made in
lonely
but lonely
but I came all childhood together I
I had the house it's like I could turn not
across the yard and what came
be the level then they put to field
anyone and ran from here to see if
now we are still doing the boys
exactly the same
but when I was very little I did it and
they brought me that time now surely
for now
I did exactly the same
in a dwelling for the gentleman as
unesco for after the old elder
although the broom
all the hills
Durán has a lot to do with going back to
pantheon and for jokes
the filmmaker made cooked peeled apenan
warm or cold just postponed a good
strip of morrón
a little more than a couple of those can
be oil can be roasted onion
perfect green and you're going to do this you're going to
go forward hold it pulls
go ahead and leave for like me and
they feel a little the mass that is here
you go to the center and close it pulled up to the
center
and then crushing a little bit like that
fold you stay down and you arm yourself
they suck choripan that just as it is
I press down here so it does not open
well with a vocalist pinch
and just as it's on the side down it's going to go to
the grill is important to be a
little bit crushed why good
let's cook the grill in some
organs is has to come heat from
down a little bit is going to wrap it up
turn down heat again another time
little bit is going to come back it's over
cooking everything you're not so alone is so
good that the chorizo is alone not there
it's direct do not put oil on it
put nothing is going to be marked on one side
will mark the other and you will be left
Print